New account, can't figure out how to login to my old one. Sorry.

Tl;dr: on site security went on a power trip and banned a bunch of us from the NEC and the event.

A group of us (nine people) went to the outside tent that is near the lan hall at around 10pm on Saturday night. One person brought some weed and passed it around -- this wasn't what we came for, we were just following the group. Four of us, me included, didn't touch the stuff.

Two security guys come along and point out the weed. Asks who has smoked it. We are all pretty honest here: the ones who did said yes. Radios in for more guards to come (because a bunch of turbonerds were totally going to overpower them). Eventually there are six security guards at the tent.

Cue projections about their authority, all of them standing around boxing us in to block the exits. I bring up that I and a few others have done nothing wrong. They say we were "under the influence" because of second-hand smoke (???). I argued with them about this because clearly they had nothing on me and were making shit up. I demanded a drug test, they said it would fail because of the second hand smoke...

Asked us for our lanyards. I say I left mine at the hotel (because I did, no point having it until Monday). Everyone else has their lanyards collected.

After a bit of radioing, told we are banned from the NEC. Banned from all insomnia events too. Apparently we'll be blocked from trying to use the Ticket Factory to book events at the NEC in our names.

I mutter something, young security member snaps at me "if you're going to call him a fucking wanker, say it to his face." they do this a few times, trying to take what we said to rile us up to try and provoke us.

Here come the scissors and all our wristbands are taken.

They take our names, told not to leave fake names but I forgot the reason why. They come back with a bunch of denial of entry letters we write our names on one by one.

Takes them about twenty minutes to come back with photocopies. We are to take these to the checkpoint tomorrow where we will be apparently escorted to pack up our PCs and leave.

At this point we are escorted to our own hotels, told not to go into the halls at all but instead to only go outside. Three of them following the two of us, me and my boyfriend. Then they change their minds and say we can use the skywalk (staying at the ibis styles). After going up the stairs one of the non-contract NEC staff took over to escort us. I ask him if we could do anything about the bans. He said the NEC ban would be meaningless because they only took our names which aren't exactly unique. Said multiplay wouldn't ban us either because at the end of the day it's about the money. After all, we didn't even do anything wrong. I broke down at this point. This guy was really nice and explained that a lot of people banned at the NEC continue to attend. Good cop bad cop routine? Who knows.

Here we are in the hotel at 5am watching the fight. One of our non-banned friends collected some important stuff like my passport and cables from the desks, thankfully.

I feel really dumb because I should have known my rights and declared myself as leaving the premises at any time before they clipped the wristbands. I'd like to believe they're trying to scare us, but that would be the best case scenario. This really fucked me up.

This was my fifth iseries lan I've been to. I don't want to believe I'm banned from both an entire arena and insomnia because of some assholes who don't even care about the event and just want to wave their dicks.

I feel like I should be fighting this. I just don't know what to do, but I felt I at least should share my experience.